Why do you think my son Qing Xiaojun is not good enough?
What is your identity?
You won't even dare to protect me.
I don’t have any identity either. I’m just Xiaojun’s mother.
Listen to my son say he looks at you,
But you don't agree to be so warm,
Is this the case? I don’t agree.
Forget it, you thought it was a bit small,
That's amazing. You really don't know what I, Ling Tian, ​​can't handle.
I am convinced that you are good,
Hurry up and agree to your children’s marriage,
Otherwise, then go back to the last episode,
What are you threatening me with?
Not a threat, just a good intention
There is no reason why you should die
do you know who i am
You speak with such an attitude
Difficulty Manual Wenwen Overlord
It was a legend of the time
You were right after that, right?
You flag me immediately
Why do you still dare to betray me?
is it possible
I push your energy
Think a little bit
What did you say
you are stronger than me
You are richer than me
Still more troublesome than me
Is it possible that I am richer than you?
I have more trouble than you do
Are you aware of the lucrative small role?
Your husband is working as a public transfer student
Your son is a bad repairman
If you don't do it, you will suddenly make a little money.
Just drive away the people in Muzhou
I give you a call
Gotta get your millet
right here